Update dependencies (#4310)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

- Incorrect modifiers at startup on X11
- `Add` and `Subtract` keys are now named `NumpadAdd` and `NumpadSubtract` respectively
- Feature checking when cross compiling between different operating systems

> - Crash when write to clipboard fails on Wayland

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Crash when writing to the clipboard fails on Wayland
```

I don't think the noun write is wrong here, but I think using the verb reads a little nicer.
